Preview 1 F# release notes (#9737)
dotnet/core: release-notes/10.0/preview/preview1/fsharp.md

# F# 10 updates in .NET 10 Preview 1 - Release Notes

> You can find release notes for F# in the F# repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release notes for F# are generated for all contributions to the [dotnet/fsharp](https://github.com/dotnet/fsharp) repository and split across language, library and compiler changes.

```

## F# Language

> You can find the [Release notes for F# language in the F# repo](https://fsharp.github.io/fsharp-compiler-docs/release-notes/Language.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Release notes for new F# language features](https://fsharp.github.io/fsharp-compiler-docs/release-notes/Language.html) list language changes that have to be enabled by `<LangVersion>preview</LangVersion>` project property in `.fsproj` project file. They will become the default with .NET 10 release.

```

## FSharp.Core

> You can find the [Release notes for F# core in the F# repo](https://fsharp.github.io/fsharp-compiler-docs/release-notes/FSharp.Core.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Changes to the FSharp.Core standard library](https://fsharp.github.io/fsharp-compiler-docs/release-notes/FSharp.Core.html) are applied automatically to projects compiled with new SDK, unless they pin down a lower FSharp.Core version.

```

## FSharp.Compiler.Service

> You can find the [Release notes for F# compiler service in the F# repo](https://fsharp.github.io/fsharp-compiler-docs/release-notes/FSharp.Compiler.Service.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
General improvements and bugfixes in the compiler implementation are at [Release notes for FSharp.Compiler.Service](https://fsharp.github.io/fsharp-compiler-docs/release-notes/FSharp.Compiler.Service.html).

```
